hi youtubers hey everybody
okay it's like 10 o'clock exactly right
now and I wanted to do a quick tutorial
because I just got my last wig that I
ordered it in today so I came today and
I'm a fatty excited excited so I want to
share it with you first of all you can
see I changed my hair I just recently
burned my hair have a flatiron all that
stuff
and with my hair is it's Milky Way for
certain human hair okay
just like dollars that's the beauty
supply I've had it for like six months
and it is a full cap but I chose to let
my hair breathe and I left some of my
hair out you can see I'm getting away a
little bit so I'm gonna wrap it after
this tutorial and tie it down so no hair
is dark brown leaves on this unit which
is different from my share hair because
that lace was a little bit this dark
brown see I have not worn yet so I will
be doing it tutorial when I do
see how that goes I also got my vampire
no tape and I have the package so I'll
be letting you know how the whole with
that goes since I am trying to try out
new glues to see if I can get a longer
hold with being oh that's pretty much
for now if you guys have any questions
about the person that makes my lace wigs
for me let me know and I'll get you some
information on that and other than that
have any questions about the
shake-and-go milky way for the first
human hair and that's pretty much it so
thank you guys for tuning in have a good
night
I'm Kazuto bear cuz I'm like really
really tired and I will see you guys
love you guys